
Hello! My name is Benjamin Lukens, and this is my repository of projects that I have done this year! I have written code in Python and Java throughout the year, and the majority of the projects do not overlap, showing the diversity of knowledge I have gained over the year. I have also created programs in android studio for mobile app development, and many of those projects build off of the principles I have learned this year in previous java programs. I am always looking forward for new challenges, and I am trying to get into colleges for Computer Science, Software Development, Networking, and Cybersecurity. I take many interests, but I have found a particular fondness for working with computers. I strive to do succeed in school, and I enjoy learning. I do particularly well in an organized environment. 

I have a part time job at a local engine and automotive shop, where I take apart and clean engines. I also matenience the machines that allow the company to conduct business. Though I am not particularly fond of it, I have experience in working with customers. Often times I take customer feedback and instruction to provide the bets service I possibly can. Recently, I have take an internship opportunity at CP Handheld Solutions, and have begane working on projects there. My first project I have completed while working here, is the web API. It has been slightly modified, but made from a tutorial put together by Mr.Lagenour. Future projects will also be visible here, though they will be separated from the school notes and projects that I created during my time at SICTC.

Outside of school and work, I enjoy speedskating and riding ATV's. I also write personal projects for myself at home. I have speedskated for Skateworld's Cobra Speed Team for 3 seasons, with the first 2 seasons being my rookie seasons, where I placed third in the midwest region. This year, I plan to go to nationals and skate for our team. The Cobra Speed Team has been the midwest region winners for the last 2 seasons. I love riding ATV's, and I have a 1998 Honda 300EX and a 1985 Honda 200X ATC. Riding ATV's provides me an alternative way to stay in shape and spend time with my family.
